Supports numeric arrays, improves support of domain types and int and varchar array types (#282)
yiisoft/db-pgsql: CHANGELOG.md

## 1.0.1 under development

> - Enh #282: Supports `numeric` arrays, improves support of domain types and `int` and `varchar` array types (Tigrov)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enh #282: Supports `numeric` arrays, improves support of domain types and `int` and `varchar` array types (@Tigrov)
```

> - Enh #282: Supports `numeric` arrays, improves support of domain types and `int` and `varchar` array types (@Tigrov)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Enh #282: Support `numeric` arrays, improve support of domain types and `int` and `varchar` array types (@Tigrov)
```
